A collection is a type which represents a container for a group of objects, the objects stored in a
collection are known as its elements.
The collections framework in Java supplies, interfaces and built in support for various types of collections.
The collection interface is the base for all the other interfaces in the framework.
With the exception of a map, all interfaces in the collection framework are generic.
They've got a diagram on screen there, and the link is in the resources section as it is on screen,
but that's an overview of the core collection interfaces.
So the collection's framework consists of interfaces of which the main ones, the shower in this table.
So from left to right, we start up with a list that's ordered, as you can see there, and duplicates
are allowed now are allowed by an entire index.
The Element X is by an integer index, and it's sometimes also known as a sequence.
The map interface is not ordered and no duplicate keys are allowed.
A key cannot be now, but a value may be no.
The element accesses by key value pairs usually accessed by the key.
So this map's keys to Veliz a key can only map to what value at most.
Next one set is not ordered and 90 packets are allowed.
Only one at most nodes are allowed and you access the elements by using an iterator.
Next, we've got queue.
It is ordered and duplicates are allowed now not usually allowed, although linked list is a queue that
does allow it.
First in, first out usually is the element access priority queue is the exception.
So it is used to hold multiple elements prior to some type of processing.
Every queue implementation must specify its ordering properties.
And the last word on screen is Dick.
Yes, it is ordered, duplicates are allowed, those are not allowed.
The limited access is first in, first out, as well as last in, first out.
An attack is a double ended.
Q.
In the next few videos, we're talking about the collection interface in more detail, as well as the
interfaces that extended set list.
Q and Dick and some of the implementation details of each, after which I'll review the map interface
and its implementations.
So let's get started in the next video.